Update post: Round 10 support console research findings - include user needs (#1429)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/claim-funding-for-mentors/2024-11-13-round-10-support-console-research-findings.md

This research aimed to test the user journeys for payments, sampling and clawbacks within the support console.

## User needs addressed by this research

> 1. As a support user, I need guidance on how to use the support console for payments, sampling and clawbacks, so that I am able to successfully complete the required tasks.
> 
> 2. As a support user, I need to know how to action claims, so that I am able to complete tasks payments, sampling and clawbacks tasks relating to claims.

Reviewer: We have a specific user needs format that you can use here:
```suggestion
{% from "user-need/macro.njk" import appUserNeed %}
{{ appUserNeed({
  description: "As a support user, 
  I need guidance on how to use the support console for payments, sampling and clawbacks,
  So that I am able to successfully complete the required tasks."
}) }}

{{ appUserNeed({
  description: "As a support user, 
  I need to know how to action claims, 
  So that I am able to complete tasks payments, sampling and clawbacks tasks relating to claims."
}) }}
```
